Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪ I've been in Rome ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ I've been in Paris ♪
♪ I've been innocent ♪
♪ And I've been infatuated. ♪
I'm a sucker for love.
Old love. new love.
"super hot guy you met on vacation" love.
I am here for it.
And so are they.
♪ Oh... ♪
Meet Lauren. Dhruva.
and Christa Belle.
three real women who have come to Rome
to shake up their typical dating lives
and star in their very own
romantic comedy.
Hello!
Hello.
Nice to meet you.
Hi. ladies.
Hi.
- It's nice to meet you.
I'm Christa Belle.
- I'm Dhruva.
- Dhruva?
- Nice to meet you. Yes.
Nice to meet you.
- Lauren.
With just ten days.
our leading ladies will challenge
themselves to push their fears aside
and find the love they're looking for.
Do we start now?
Where are all the hot men?
Whoo!
And who am I?
I'm basically a modern-day fairy godmother
with a whole film crew at my disposal.
ready to turn fantasy into reality.
Each day. our leading ladies will receive
a script that guides them
to their next location...
- Oh. my God. wait. scripts!
...where they just happen
to bump into handsome strangers
I've chosen just for them.
- Ciao bella.
- Hi.
How are you guys doing?
But what happens after that
is totally in their hands.
As they say. love is a battlefield.
So get ready for swoon-worthy dates
and steamy romance.
Will they finally find love?
I am all the way in.
...or leave as single as they came?
I've been seeing other men.
I got you. girl.
Only one way to find out.
♪ I'm ready to love again ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Want to dance. want to shout ♪
♪ I'm ready to love again. ♪
LAUREN/CHRISTA BELLE:
We're here.
This looks incredible.
I mean. come on. everyone knows
you can't set a rom-com in Italy
without an ages-old villa to call home.
- Oh. my gosh.
- Wild.
Oh. it's beautiful.
This is beautiful.
This is crazy.
Let's do this.
Oh. this is stunning.
Oh. my God.
We're home.
But this adventure comes
with more than just a gorgeous casa.
- What do we have here?
- Oh. my God.
We got a script.
It's time
for our first moment of movie magic.
- There you go.
- Thank you. Here you go.
"Meet Me in Rome. a reality rom-com."
"Exterior. Villa il Cardinale."
"Dhruva is ready to choose love
on her own terms.
no matter what her traditional family
may think."
I am.
"Christa Belle. a free spirit
whose light shines bright.
"looking for a partner
willing to fan her flames
instead of snuffing them out."
"Lauren has conquered
the finance world
but has yet to conquer her love life."
That is so true.
- You're ready for it.
- I'm so ready.
"So now that the stage is set.
it's time for a costume change.
"Break out your resort wear.
"It's time to set sail
on the Italian adventure
of a lifetime."
♪ You told me you love me.
you know what to say ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ The feeling you give me.
I'm flying away ♪
♪ We're falling like a dream
that goes all night ♪
♪ I'll never let you go.
say you're all mine ♪
Hi. girls.
♪ It was love at the first sight. ♪
Hi.
Ciao bella.
Oh. captain. my captain.
- I'm Lorenzo. I'm the captain.
Nice to meet all of you.
- Oh. nice to meet you.
This one?
- And I'm taking you to...
Mwah.
Aw. it's beautiful.
Can I ask. is it left cheek
or right cheek first.
to kiss. or is it just center.
'cause that's exactly what I did.
Left cheek.
- The left cheek.
- Grazi.
- You're welcome.
Grazie. No grazi.
- Grazie.
- All right.
We're gonna take off soon.
I'm gonna make ready the boat.
Okay?
Captain?
Come back if you want more kisses.
- To the left cheek.
- Cheers. guys.
Cheers. To the left cheek.
And the center.
Day one!
Beautiful.
Are you guys ready for love?
Honestly. I just need
to experience something new.
I've been single for seven years.
My sister just got married last weekend.
She's younger than me by four years.
- Aw.
So I was just ready
to just find my person.
It's been interesting
because I have always
put career first.
- Yeah.
In New York. I made history
by becoming the youngest trader
at the New York Stock Exchange.
Stop. That's amazing.
- Thank you.
I've dated.
but it's never been a priority.
And I am so ready for love.
I am really trying to embrace
being here and not be on my phone.
I'm excited to...
- It's your next chapter.
- Yeah.
What about you. Christa?
Similarly. I've been working
since I was eight years old.
and so I've always put career first.
I'm very independent.
and I think now is the time for me
to try to make space...
- Yeah.
- ...for a man to come into my life.
Because I've always been like.
"Oh. these men
are. like. not stepping up to the plate."
but maybe I'm not allowing them to.
What were you doing at eight years old?
- Yeah. were you doing the newspaper?
- Like...
- Whoo.
- Lemonade?
- That would have been cute.
Um. no. it's-it's actually interesting
that I ended up here.
I've been in film and TV
since I was a kid.
And although I've done. like.
a bunch of different projects.
the thing that people know me
for most was a rom-com.
What rom-com?
That's so cute. Yeah.
- 13 Going on 30.
- Yeah.
I was literally gonna ask you that
at some point.
I was like. "This girl looks so familiar."
It's kind of come full circle.
doing a rom-com about my real life.
Yeah. it's your real life.
- I know.
Okay. this rom-com
may not come with Razzles
and a pink dollhouse...
I love that.
- Oh. my God.
Hello.
- Oh. hello.
- Good morning. How are you?
How are you?
Wonderful. How are you?
...but it does have plenty
of surprise hotties waiting in the wings.
- What's your name?
- Nicola.
- Christa Belle.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nicola. nice to meet you.
And you...?
Hi. Dhruva.
- Dhruva. Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
Where have you been?
- Are you the captain. too?
Yeah. of course I am. I'm the...
I didn't know captains
looked like this...
- I know.
- ...but I'm not complaining.
How do they look?
- I don't know.
- I can wear the cap and the uniform
if you want.
- Oh. yeah.
- Hello...
Guys. you met Nicola?
- Whoo!
- Hey.
Excuse me.
Let's cheer.
Aye.
All right. guys.
have you ever seen a boat bridge?
No.
- Want to go check it out?
- Yeah. Let's see it.
- Let's go check it out.
Andiamo. Andiamo.
- Andiamo.
You two go. I will stay here with you.
- Ooh.
- Need to talk.
Need to talk to you?
- Oh. yeah? You want to talk to me?
- Of course.
- Cheers.
- Cin cin. we say in Italy.
- Cin-- cin cin.
- Cin cin.
What was your name again?
- You already forgot my name?
Oh. no. Did you for--
did you remember mine?
Of course.
- What is it?
- Dhruva.
- Oh. my God. I feel so guilty.
- Oh. my God. you see?
What was it?
I was too busy staring at you.
Welcome on the bridge.
it's where you drive the boat.
It's where the magic happens.
What do you do?
I have a company of boats.
I have three boats-- two sailboats
and one motorboat. Like. one speedboat.
But that's my-- that's for work.
not for enjoying the life.
- Yeah.
- It's different. Two different things.
I did. once from here. I went to Spain.
- From Italy to Spain?
- From Italy to Spain.
Are you a lover. Lorenzo?
- Am I a lover?
- Yeah. are you a lover?
What does it mean?
Like. I play with girls?
No. I don't.
One second. guys.
Hello?
- Oh.
You guys enjoy.
Oh. Lauren.
We've got to get you to unplug.
How long have you been single?
Now it's. uh. it's four years.
- Four years? Huh.
- Yeah. It's a long time.
'Cause of my job.
I stay so much time away from home.
and that was not that easy.
I want to be present.
- Yeah.
When I think about kids.
I want to spend so much time with them
and just not always be working. you know?
- Yeah.
We-- to work. we-we need
to take care about our future.
- Mm-hmm.
- That's the first things.
But of course. you need to take care
about your family.
- Yeah.
Oh. you have loads of tattoos.
Don't sh-- d-don't judge me for that.
- Okay. What does it say?
- YOLO.
"You only live once.
but if you do it right. once is enough."
- Don't judge me. I was really young.
- This one's nice. The lighthouse.
- Yeah. this...
It's a. yeah. Capri lighthouse.
Want to see how I will drive the boat?
So come here.
This is where-- how you drive.
So this is. like. the left propeller.
right propeller.
What if. what if you did. like.
this one forward and this one back?
Is that. like. to turn the boat around?
- It's gonna turn.
It's called throttle. yes.
It's gonna turn.
Here. Right here.
From here.
So. when you want to go left.
you go a few times.
Go for it.
And then when you want to go back.
perfect.
"Bring me the horizon."
- Here. I love it.
Wow.
Looks like the theme
for day one is great connections.
Well. almost.
- Hello?
Hello?
I cannot get a signal.
And for Lauren. there's always tomorrow.
And Wi-Fi.
- Oh. my gosh.
Good morning. Dhru. How are you?
Hi.
So. I wanted to show you.
- Yeah?
I think I had a heart attack.
- Oh. my gosh.
- Look at how sexy he looks.
He's fine.
- What should I text him?
- You're so giddy. Just keep it simple.
Yeah. "Hey. what's up?"
That's not me.
- No. say. like. "I had fun yesterday."
Should I say. "Hey. sexy captain"?
- Yeah.
- I wonder what he's gonna say.
It's like a home run for day one.
- I know. right?
- Like. I'm excited for today.
Good morning. sunshines.
- Good morning.
Hi.
- Yummy.
- Oh...
We have food and our next scripts.
Oh. my goodness. our script for today!
"Dhruva strolls to a piazza.
"At the entrance is a shiny red scooter
which she stops to admire."
What?
- Is this like a...
Audrey Hepburn kind of moment?
The red scooter?
- Maybe.
Okay. "Exterior.
Anguillara fountain. day."
- Ooh.
"Searching for a moment of solitude.
"Christa Belle walks up a hill
along the lakeside
and takes in the view."
- Ooh.
What's the fountain?
- Is there a guy in the fountain?
- Yeah.
- What about yours. Lauren?
"Taking a well-deserved break from work.
"Lauren approaches a local café
ready to embrace
the sweetness of doing nothing."
You know what? Honestly?
- Ooh.
After yesterday's little adventure...
Working.
Mm.
...I'm excited to just. like. relax.
I feel like there's something
waiting there for you.
You deserve it.
Yeah.
- Sorry. I-I...
- Get off your phone.
- I have-- I...
- You have a date to get ready today!
Okay. it's clear I need to get
workaholic Lauren on a date.
Stat.
Prego.
Hi. I'm not sure what I want.
I suggest you to order espresso.
Oh. look at me. serving up this hot dish.
I'm not a coffee drinker.
- Ooh. wow.
But maybe if you try here.
you will become a coffee drinker.
It will convert me?
- Could be.
- I'll-- I-I'll try one for you.
- Caffè?
- Un caffè espresso.
Nice to meet you. Alessandro.
- Lauren. Nice to meet you.
You are here for holidays?
Uh. yeah. traveling for vacation.
- Nice.
- Yeah.
I do tourist guide as job.
So it's...
- So you really know Rome?
- Uh. a lot. yes.
- 'Cause I'm really lost.
I mean. really. I don't...
- Ooh. I can imagine.
Thank you.
I'm gonna try...
- It's your first coffee. Are you excited?
Just have a sip.
Okay. let me try it a little bit.
Oh. my gosh.
- Strong one?
- Very strong.
Would you like to join me for a walk?
- Yes. I'd love that.
- It'll be a pleasure.
- Really?
- Really.
♪ My coffee tastes a little sweeter
when I'm with you. ♪
Grazie.
Something tells me work
is now the last thing on Lauren's mind.
Look. there are few things
more nerve-racking
than meeting mystery suitors
in a foreign city.
Seriously. it's terrifying.
But since I only have nine days left
to break Dhruva's
seven-year relationship dry spell.
I'm gonna make her face
all her dating anxiety head on.
You like my scooter?
Is this yours?
- That's me.
- Hi.
- Would you like to join me?
- Okay. let's do it.
- What's your name?
- I'm Dhruva.
Dhruva. Hi. Chris.
Chris. nice to meet you.
I love your Vespa.
- You're very beautiful.
- Oh. thank you.
What brings you to Rome?
Honestly. just an adventure.
Meeting new people. it's exciting.
you know?
- It is.
- You just go with the flow.
What about you?
Uh. I've wanted to come to Rome
ever since I saw Gladiator
when I was nine years old.
Really? And it took you
this long to come here?
It took me this long to get here.
Wow. What do you think about it so far?
- I love it. Rome is fun.
- Yeah. So good.
- Cheers.
- Cheers. Cheers to meeting you.
So. where are you from?
I'm from Houston. Where are you from?
I live in L.A..
but I'm from Massachusetts.
Where are your parents from?
Uh. both my parents are from India.
My mom is part-Indian.
- Wait. she is?
- Mm-hmm.
She's actually half-Indian.
half-Vietnamese.
Wow. What about your dad?
What's his background?
My dad is a European mutt.
He's Scottish. Irish. German. and Russian.
Yeah. Oh. my God.
- So. I'm a Skittles bag.
- Yeah. Skittles.
Not me. I'm 100%.
I kind of like that. I'm rare.
- You are rare. How many siblings?
- One.
She's four years younger.
and she just got married last weekend.
I literally came here from her wedding.
- Yeah.
And the wedding was so amazing.
but it's stressful.
There's been a lot of pressure on me
'cause. in the Indian family.
especially my mom and my dad.
being the older sister. and the amount
of people that come up to you being like.
"When are you getting married?"
- Yeah. I already know that.
That's real.
- Yeah.
It's nice to just get away and be like.
"Okay. now I can start my journey."
I feel like I'm in the Lady and the Tramp.
I'm gonna make a big ole mess.
No. just kidding.
We're gonna try that.
Oh. wait.
are we doing the Lady and the Tramp?
- Yeah.
All right. you're gonna get...
- Ah. I've never done this.
You're gonna get that side.
- Okay. So I got to do this one?
- Yeah.
- Ready?
We're doing this.
Oh. my God.
I think I ate most of that pasta.
- I've never done that before.
That was fun.
- Yeah. First kiss.
While Dhruva enjoys
her movie magic moment.
it's time for Christa Belle
to drink in one spectacular view.
Wow.
Did you drink that?
- It is so good.
You got to try this.
Do it at the same time.
You got to do it with me.
That is so good.
- Wow. that is really good.
You know what they say.
- No.
- Two people drinking
from the same fountain fall in love.
You haven't heard that one?
- Where did you hear that?
I don't know.
I might've just made it up.
I like it. I like it.
What's your name? I'm Brandon.
- Christa Belle.
- Nice to meet you. Christa Belle.
- Nice to meet you.
- Are you journaling.
or are you an artist?
- No. I was just journaling.
- Oh. that's nice.
- Yes.
- Manifesting some things?
- Manifesting. you know it.
I actually once. um. I wrote down.
like. all these things
that I wanted to let go of.
and then I burned that in.
like. a little dish with water in it.
And how did it go?
Uh. they're still in my life.
- Maybe less water next time.
- Yeah. exactly.
♪ Drive ♪
♪ We just drive... ♪
Exterior.
charming Italian street. Day.
Lauren wanders the cobblestone path
with Alessandro
as her espresso kicks in.
- This is super cute.
- Yeah.
It's a mix of architecture.
Old one you can see.
- Yeah. Yeah.
You feel like in a village.
not in a city. no?
- Yeah.
Are you really big into architecture?
- Yes. a lot.
Me. too.
I love this.
- Yeah.
We are famous in Rome. especially.
because we like a slow life.
So. yes. we work. but not so hard
because we still want to enjoy
the beautiful things of life.
It's made of history.
which is beautiful. Yeah.
- It's made of history. yes.
For me. what do you want more in life?
I mean...
- Yeah.
We need to enjoy
the moment in the present
without thinking about the future.
without thinking about the past.
Now it's me and you living the moment.
- Yeah.
Call it the sweet life.
La dolce vita. Try to say.
- One more time.
- La dolce.
- Vita.
La dolce vita.
- We are speaking Italiano.
I'm so proud of you.
The sweet life.
It's slow.
It's very opposite from my life.
I'm. like. very fast. Go. go. go. go. go.
- Always running. Oof.
- Yeah. yeah.
Do you like it? Do you enjoy?
I do. but I-I'm open to Rome
and experiencing something new.
I think you will love here.
I want to teach you something in Italiano.
- Okay.
Will you tell me what that means?
Would you like to have a date
with me in Rome?
Oh. that's so cute.
I would love to.
Yes? To enjoy the sweet life. of course.
I would love to enjoy
the sweet life with you.
Perfect.
So. you live in Toronto?
Yeah.
So. I'm a. I'm a partner
in two restaurants. uh. in Toronto.
- Okay.
- And then I have. uh.
two framed art companies.
So you like to eat and appreciate art.
- Exactly.
- We're off to a great start.
- Okay. this is great.
- God. this is beautiful.
- Yeah. not so bad.
Yeah. Where are you from?
- I just moved to Miami.
- Oh. no way.
- Yeah.
- I have a place in Boca Raton.
- Do you?
- Yeah. Do you live alone?
- I do. Well. no. actually.
- You have a roommate?
You have a pet?
- Yes. Yes.
She's a big. fluffy dog.
- What kind of dog?
- A golden doodle.
Oh. my God. I love golden doodles.
To say she's my best friend
is an understatement.
Do you have animals?
- Um...
No. I've got a brother.
and. uh. he can act like an animal.
Uh. he's also my best friend.
You know what you have to do
to remember this day?
You're gonna journal about meeting the
tall. dark. handsome man at the fountain.
And you're gonna flatten this
and put this in your journal.
- That's so cute.
- Yeah.
I'll take one. too. so I remember.
What do you say. uh.
we hang out again sometime soon?
Ooh.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
Let's go.
Oh. yeah. Love is definitely
in the air for my leading ladies.
But let's not say arrivederci just yet.
There's still a lot to see
on this Roman holiday.
Watch out.
This has been the best trip.
especially with you guys.
Yeah.
I know.
I'm so glad I came
'cause my birthday is next week.
We have to do something.
Yeah. it's wild because.
before I got here.
I've been so pressured
by family. friends. and just myself.
I'm turning 35.
- Mm.
But the minute I stepped into Rome.
something changed.
I've let my guard down.
and I feel like. right now.
I'm having fun.
Yeah. I love that the people I've met.
they have no context.
no idea. I have no context about them.
And we can just feel each other's energy
and be like. "Do we vibe?"
I would just love to meet someone
who loves me for me.
you know. and makes me a priority.
You feel like your career.
basically. is what
they want you...
Yeah.
I know it's easy to put up walls
because of that past situation.
but dating here in Rome.
you kind of have to be a little bit open.
That's true.
Yeah.
Have your rom-com moment.
Live it up in Rome.
Take the pressure off.
Yeah. And I feel like we're all learning.
I mean. I'm grateful to be here in Rome.
and I know sometimes
my head is wrapped up.
but. I think. when it comes to love.
I think it's always been me.
Like. I'm the problem.
But I'm the problem
in the sense of I'm just
so focused on my career.
- Mm-hmm.
I'm all about doing it on my own.
And that has. I think.
just always been really tough for me.
Like. a-- Like. really being open
and vulnerable.
letting someone else lead and-and hope...
And trusting them to lead.
Yeah.
It's hard. It can be hard.
All throughout my life.
especially my childhood.
I just have felt. in many situations.
that I've just been really powerless.
And so. it's nice to be in a place
where I feel like I've accomplished.
I'm powerful. I'm doing it.
and no one else
can take that away from me.
Yup.
But at some point.
you do the work
and then you realize.
"What have I done all this for
if no one is by my side?"
- Mm.
I-I think we're totally
gonna have love in Rome.
No more heartbreaks.
- Yeah. no more heartbreaks.
- Cheers to that.
- Love it.
Good detail.
Since we're in the land of Michelangelo.
day three script pages will direct
our ladies on a journey
to an enchanting art class.
where I've arranged
for a few handsome figures
to help with a hands-on experience.
Oh. okay.
Ah.
- Bonjour.
- What do we have here?
- I feel artistically inspired.
Hello.
Mm.
- Wonderful.
- Let's do this.
Hello.
Mm.
Buongiorno.
Are they drawing us?
Well. you draw each other.
Oh. great.
- Oh. fun.
This is gonna be fun.
I would like to ask Lauren
to come over here. please.
- Hey.
- Hello.
- Buongiorno.
How are you?
- Got to go left and right.
- Oh.
Oh. okay. you're doing the Italian way?
Gotcha. gotcha.
- Yeah. Of course.
How are you?
- What's your name?
- Ethos.
- Ethos?
Yes.
Christa Belle. you're with Miles.
- Hello. love.
- Hello. What's your name?
- Christa Belle.
- Christa Belle. Miles.
Miles at home but Kilometers here?
Bad joke. Okay. okay. okay.
- That was good.
Hi. Christian.
Hi.
- So nice to meet you.
- I'm Dhruva.
Do you draw?
- All the time.
- You do?
- I'm. like. the best.
I mean. I want to underplay it. but...
I'm so great at stick figures. so...
Got this.
Welcome to the class today.
We're gonna do
some portrait drawing of each other.
Drawing from life means that
you can observe the other person.
You can discover who they are
and try to bring it out
in a drawing. then. as well.
I feel like I just need to see...
You want the smolder or just...?
Now I got it.
- You got it? Okay.
I was raised in New York.
then I moved to Puerto Rico.
so I have. like...
- Puerto Rico.
- Puerto Rico. Have you been?
- Look at that spiciness coming out.
Spicy.
- Any pets?
- No pets.
I'm not a huge pet guy.
What do you do for work?
I work in the music industry.
- You do?
- For a major label. yeah.
- You play any instruments?
- Cool record job.
You know what?
Yeah. I play a little guitar.
- Oh. yeah?
- That's kind of what got me into it.
Yeah. yeah.
- Wait. I need you to play guitar for me.
- So. I can...
Oh. looking for the serenade? I got you.
- You might win my heart with that one.
- Oh. boy. I-I could only hope.
You got a very infectious energy.
How's it going over there?
Draw me like one of your French girls.
- Uh... I-I-I got you.
Um...
-  Do you know
what movie that's from?
- I have no idea.
- The best movie of all time.
- What is that?
- Titanic.
Oh!
I had no idea.
Like. that's been so long.
- What do you do for work?
- So. I am a civil engineer.
- Yeah?
- So. I work in construction management.
- I'm based in Miami.
I travel. I guess. all-all around the U.S.
- Yeah?
- Wherever my client needs me.
- Very nice.
- Yeah.
Why does this not actually look like you?
I needed more instruction.
- Yeah.
Okay. I have your eyebrows.
- Damn.
Let me ask you something.
You-you have a lot of. like. energy.
What do you do?
Do you drink a lot of coffee?
-  Oh. my God.
- Do you...
Do you...?
- Wait. do I?
It's a good thing. That's. like.
one of the first things I noticed.
- So. what is it that you do?
- I work in finance.
- Do you?
- I'm a workaholic.
- Well. this is the age. right?
- Yeah.
So it's. like. kind of work.
create that foundation.
and then kind of move on to...
What is my age?
The age of what? What is my age?
Well... No. I don't even know.
I'm assuming you're close to my age.
Maybe. Am I? I don't know.
What is your age? What is your age?
- I'm 32.
- You're 32.
- Yeah.
- How old am I?
I'll say 28.
Are you?
Okay. you don't have to say.
but I guessed.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
What's your family like?
- Mom. sister. and brother.
- Are you the oldest?
- Of course.
And what am I?
How many siblings do you have?
I have two siblings.
Yeah.
- So I would put you in the middle.
- No.
- No?
Are you. like. youngest?
So. you're the eldest.
- Three strikes. you're out. sir.
- No.
- Three strikes. you're out.
- Oh. my God.
- Yes. I'm the oldest. yes.
- So. you're the...
Ah. look at that.
- See?
So. I'll explain now.
Middle child. they tend to be...
- Yeah?
...more relaxed. easygoing in life.
You see?
- I'm sorry. I should've just let you
do the compliment. Yeah. Yeah.
- Finish? Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
See. Lauren? If you put that guard down.
you never know what you might find.
Well. I have nice lips.
- I'm trying. I-I'm trying.
- You're trying.
This will never do justice to you. uh.
because you're so beautiful.
but I-I-I-I'm-I'm gonna try...
- Oh. thank you. I appreciate it.
- ...as much as I can.
I definitely want kids. Yeah.
You definitely want kids?
I see myself not having kids.
and I'm okay with that.
I don't think we're compatible.
What are you looking for in a woman?
First and foremost.
I want to be able to have that play.
Like. the goofiness?
Yeah.
You know. you can't take life
too seriously. right?
I like that.
I want someone who's. like.
put together and. like. serious.
but. like. who knows how to have fun.
Yeah.
Just go with the flow.
Go on adventures.
And sometimes you need to have banter
and just fun.
Yeah.
- One. two. three.
Oh. my God.
What?
- No. this was fun.
- Yeah. yeah.
- I had a blast.
- Same.
Yeah.
Well. I-I would definitely
like to stay in contact
if-if you would like that.
- I would love that.
- Yeah? Perfect.
You know. normally.
I have strong impressions and...
I really like you.
I really like you. too.
I love your outlook on life.
♪ I've searched across the universe.
seen many things... ♪
- It was great to meet you.
- Yeah. Can we do it again sometime soon?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
♪ It's true... ♪
♪ But I never seen nothing like you. ♪
I think it's right over there.
♪ Exciting. ♪
All the yummy.
- Oh. my goodness.
- Look!
Mmm.
I could eat all of it.
Can we get a little bit of everything?
Oh. that looks so good.
This is so much food. I'm excited.
- I know. But I'm not complaining.
- Ah! Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Ciao.
Got it?
So good.
You got it or do you got--
- I got it. I got it. Let's go.
- You do it. 'cause I'm...
- Oh. God. This looks so good.
- Amazing.
We should cheers to pizza
'cause I've been wanting to eat this.
- Cheers to eating some pizza.
Let's do that. Cheers.
Cheers. I know.
This is so good.
- So good.
So you have a birthday coming up.
It's so crazy. It's--
I can't believe I'm turning 35 next week.
- This is a milestone birthday.
- I know.
Like. how does that feel for you?
I think when I was younger.
I definitely thought I was gonna be
in a very different place.
I thought I was already.
already gonna be in a relationship.
You know. just being in Rome
has been so exciting.
Every date I had was great.
Like. all the boys are amazing.
I've stepped out
of my comfort zone in a good way.
You know. I've been single
for seven years.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- It's wild to say
and it's been a long time. and I've been
craving some love in my life.
- Yeah.
- And I think there is also another side
where 35 has been a milestone.
where. like...
- It's okay. It's okay.
-  Um...
I got you. girl.
You need a hug?
You know. in the Indian culture.
there's this pressure of. like.
being married.
and I'm the oldest daughter. and...
when my sister got engaged.
who's four years younger.
my mom. she was just so angry.
She stopped talking to me.
It's like my birthday is. like. a reminder
of how many years I've been single
and I haven't found love.
But just know that there are so many
women in society that have that pressure.
You know. "Get married."
Get married by a certain age
and not really allowing that woman
to follow her true happiness
and what makes sense for her.
- Right.
You have to make decisions
that are right for you...
- Yeah.
- ...and that they're not always
right for your family.
- Right. Yeah.
- And honestly.
where you're at today. 35.
yes. you're still single.
But we're in Rome. we're looking for love.
Two years ago. I mean. would you even
have been in that headspace?
Honestly?
- No. No. I wouldn't have.
So. so then you're doing
what feels good for you in that moment.
Yeah. And I want to do it for me.
and I think that's what this was.
Is like. you know...
- And you're doing it. too.
...focusing on my birthday again
to. like. hopefully revive it
to be a special thing.
- Yeah.
But happy tears.
Now I just want to focus on. you know.
having fun in Rome
and just finding my love...
- You're having fun.
...you know. on my own terms.
Girl. we got you.
Thank you.
This journey is proving to be
a challenging one for my ladies.
but it's all about breaking old patterns
and making deeper connections.
Interior. Centrale Montemartini Museum.
Day.
On a second date
with boat captain Lorenzo.
Christa Belle has the chance
to see if their initial attraction
is more than just what's on the surface.
This guy. I think. really did
something bad to cut off his head.
This one's missing a toe.
Should we see some more stuff?
- Yes.
Want to be on the left?
Sorry. I'm really superstitious.
About being on the left or right?
Yes. Think that on my boat.
I use pepper.
So. in Italy. we use the pepper.
the red pepper.
So. on my boat.
I wear a swimsuit with pepper.
and then I have a little red pepper on top
that brings me luck.
What does the pepper do?
It's just lucky.
Is. eh. um. what's called.
how you say that. um.
eyes of the devil? Something like that.
- That keeps away the eyes of the devil.
- Yes.
I want to know. what's your type?
So. I don't have a physical type.
- No? Which is good.
- And I think
that's what most people mean
when they ask that question.
For me. it's all about a spirit.
and that is kind of...
- Oh.
Do you like Italian spirit?
- ...something that
must be discovered. you know?
Do you need to love
the culture of a person? So...
- That certainly is a plus.
- That's for sure.
But do you like Italian culture?
- I love Italian culture. I love it.
- Okay. which is...
That's what I wanted to hear.
- Yes.
- Are you about--
- How about you? What are you...
- What's my type?
- ...looking for?
So. my type has never been
like an Italian. actually.
Always been an American girl.
Hmm.
And do you picture yourself
being in a serious relationship?
Do you--
- Yeah. I do.
Do you want to get married?
Do you want to have kids?
I love kids. I want kids.
That's my goal.
I'm starting to think
about having a future
and with a girl.
but I'm also thinking about my job.
So. owning a company.
bringing. like. to a certain level
where I can afford to have a family.
- Hmm.
- Yeah?
- You're preparing for your future.
- Yeah.
I want to be able to provide.
That's how I feel.
- That's beautiful.
- Thank you.
- That's very traditional. I like it.
Is. uh. where you live?
Yes. You like it?
Is it all pink?
Barbie out.
I love it.
I had a really nice time with you.
It was a great day.
And you're an amazing person.
♪ Is this even real love? ♪
♪ Oh-oh. oh-oh ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Wish I could write a song ♪
♪ To love a little better ♪
♪ Keep from ♪
♪ Going wrong ♪
♪ Oh-oh. oh-oh ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh. ♪
♪ It's your world ♪
♪ Do what you want to... ♪
We're halfway through
this Italian escapade.
The ladies are taking in the sights
and having all the carbs.
But one of my ladies
is all work and no play.
I need to intervene
and get things back on track.
It's time for Lauren to face
what she's been missing.
Literally.
Oh. my goodness.
What are you doing here?
- What are you doing here?
It's nice to see you. Give me a hug.
- It's so good to see you.
Oh. my goodness. I--
- Wow.
Are you exploring Rome without me?
- I-- Apparently.
I'm just getting lost in Rome.
We can get lost together now.
- I would love that.
- It's a deal.
- Yes. Yes.
- Are you in?
- Wow.
- Let's do it.
This is a sign of destiny.
♪ Boy. I'm addicted ♪
♪ I'm so addicted ♪
So. while Lauren gets lost
in modern-day Rome with Alessandro.
Christa Belle and Dhruva take
a step into the past
to see what skills
their suitors can bring to the arena.
- Hi. hello.
- Ciao.
- Good to see you.
- You look gorgeous. I love this.
- Thank you. you look great as well.
- I'm Brayden. Nice to meet you.
- Hi. I'm Dhruva.
- Hi. Christa Belle.
- Nice to meet you.
Do you know what you're doing?
We're going to gladiator school.
- Are you ready?
- Ready. Yeah.
You guys have to fight for us.
Oh. my God. You ready?
- You're going down. dude.
- Dude. you're done.
Oh. yeah.
Welcome to
the Scuola Gladiatori di Roma.
We actually train and fight
like gladiators.
the same way 2.000 years ago
in the Colosseum.
- Okay.
- Gladiators.
I mean.
anything to see them shirtless. right?
- Punya!
- Ooh! Ah!
Finish him!
Whoo! Whoo!
- That was amazing.
- Yes!
- Here. Okay. ready?
- Ready?
Oh. my God.
Oh!
♪ Pick me up at five ♪
Ooh. wow!
♪ Let's be on the way ♪
♪ Chase the golden hour ♪
♪ We got so much left to say... ♪
We are in. like. one of my favorite place.
What do you call it. the sweet life?
You love that...
- Dolce vita.
- The dolce vita. You love that.
- La dolce vita.
I can see from your eyes that you love
all of this.
- I do.
- You do.
- It's super romantic.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
♪ Oh. yes ♪
♪ I'm going up to you ♪
♪ I'm going up to you. yeah ♪
♪ I want a piece of your sunshine. baby ♪
- And your kiss is so sweet.
This is super dolce vita.
♪ I'm going up to you. yeah ♪
♪ I want a piece of your sunshine. baby. ♪
Should we make some orange juice?
We could.
Let's do it.
Okay. wait.
You know how to juggle?
I think anytime you see oranges.
the instinct is to juggle.
And... I can't juggle.
Juggling kind of feels like
what we're doing with all these boys.
Um...
I haven't even had a crush in so long.
- Yeah.
- It feels good to even have a crush.
- Which is fun
to have the butterflies...
- Yeah.
- ...to be smiling.
To be. like. yes. is he going to call?
Is he going to show up?
That's the thing is. like.
with Brandon. he's a wonderful person
and he really. like.
has his life together.
He's very kind and chivalrous...
- He's funny.
...and funny and...
I don't know. With Lorenzo. like.
he has his boat business.
He's trying to grow it.
Like. you never know
what you're going to get with Lorenzo.
He's like a whirlwind of energy.
but in a kind. fun.
irreverent way. you know?
I just want to spend more time with him
and get to know him better. you know?
- Mm-hmm.
- It's opened me up again to dating and...
to interacting with men.
- Mm-hmm.
Do you believe in true love?
One true love?
I believe in true partnership.
Mmm.
I was actually engaged before.
and I broke it off.
Well. we broke it off.
How long ago was that?
We broke it off.
like. three years ago.
- Okay.
- And since that ended. it's...
it's been hard to really connect
with anyone else.
Yeah. I mean. I've been there.
Not engaged.
but in a serious relationship like that.
It changes you.
And it's like. how do you navigate
to the next steps forward?
How do I open up myself to love again?
I keep a guard up.
I feel like you might
keep a guard up as well.
- Yeah.
- But the fact that you've even been open.
so giddy and embracing the moment.
it's... it's beautiful to see.
especially in a sexy place like Italy.
Yeah. I don't know.
We'll see how it goes.
Ladies.
morning!
- Good morning.
Is that a script?
- Oh. my God. wait. scripts!
- Whoo!
Here we go.
Exterior. Rome. Day.
The ladies are sent out
to explore this amazing city.
I mean. the guys can't be
the only sightseeing they do in Italy.
My ladies are taking in
the beauty of the city.
enjoying new friendships. and--
Lauren's...
Oh.
Lauren's texting a guy.
Now. this is some work I can get behind.
♪ I get the feeling
that we going all the way ♪
♪ 'Cause we fall in deep. boy.
and I got so much to say ♪
♪ And when I'm falling ♪
♪ You'll still believe it ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't want
to be with anybody else ♪
♪ Am I the one you want? ♪
- Hello! How are you?
- Hey.
- I'm good. How are you doing?
- So good to see you.
- Likewise. likewise.
- Good.
- Good. good. I got you...
- I'm excited for you to be--
- Thank you.
- ...wine. so...
- Thank you. Thank you.
- Yeah.
- Hello.
- Hi!
Hello.
I'll be your nonna for today.
And I'm very pleased to have you here.
- We're so grateful.
- Like my grandchildren.
- Oh. we're so grateful.
- That's amazing.
Why don't you have a glass
of red wine before we start. you can--
- Perfect.
- So he can loosen up?
Yeah.
Yes. sure!
I don't need wine for that.
We can. we can loosen up.
But yes. yes. yes.
Beautiful!
This is good luck. Come on.
- Is it?
So what are you supposed to do?
Just behind your ears. yeah?
Behind the ears. okay.
so I'll put a little bit...
- Ah. this is great.
- Wow.
- There you go.
Wow. you. too. you. too.
This is how you do it.
- Okay.
Uh. surprisingly.
we didn't get anything on us.
So...
- No.
Should we start?
Have you done pasta before?
Here. Okay.
- Um. I never have. no.
- This is your first time you make it?
- First time. I'm really excited.
- Yes. same.
- Great. This is great.
Mmm. this seems like
a good time for that classic
falling in love
while making pasta montage.
♪ You and I are special... ♪
Ah. you're great.
- I am?
♪ You don't have to go slow ♪
This would be so romantic
for you to make at home. eh?
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
♪ Sunset watch when you go ♪
♪ Yeah. I know you're the one... ♪
So do you want me to. like. turn it?
Yeah. Hurry up. though.
because it's. it's hard.
The thing is. it's kind of melting.
So are you. like.
a romantic type or passionate or...?
Um. it just. it depends.
You're. like. you're not into PDA?
Am I. am I a PDA person?
I don't think anyone's ever asked me that.
I'm. like. "Mm."
No. I. I ask. uh. I guess
one of my relationships was. like. no PDA.
Like. just nervous in general
when it came to...
Yeah. yeah. You know what I mean?
- Oh. no. I'm not like that at all.
Exactly. If you feel it. you just do it.
You don't have to--
Yeah. you just. I just go with the flow.
So. I guess. why are you.
why are you single right now?
Like. what's making it
difficult for you to just
finding the right person?
- Um. I think it's just...
I think it's the balance
of working and having someone
that can fit the lifestyle that I do.
Um. in 2017.
I made history
at the New York Stock Exchange.
- Yeah? How so?
- Yeah.
As the youngest trader on the floor and--
- Are you serious?
- Yeah.
- That's amazing. That's impressive.
- Yeah. Thank you.
So. yeah. it's like finding
that person I can be
able to do both with.
- Right. Right. right. right.
That can adapt and kind of be there...
- But not. like. yeah.
But not. like. always around. Yeah.
And I think that's kind of what
broke off my relationship. as well.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Was not understanding that lifestyle.
In order to have a good life
and be able to travel.
you also had to work for it. right?
- Yeah. yeah.
- Yeah.
Not everybody. you know.
not everybody's...
- No. no. no. no. Not everybody gets that.
- ...in the same page. so. yeah.
- Yeah. for sure.
If you understand that.
for me. that's perfect.
Yeah.
Okay.
Enjoy.
Oh. my goodness. We made this?
- Oh. my God.
- This is us?
- This is you.
This is beautiful.
- Wait. what did she say?
- Eh...
A lot of happiness
for your love. basically.
- Aw! That's so cute.
- Yeah. so. Yeah. it is. it is.
This looks very good.
- This looks ama-- We did this.
- So-- Exactly. We did. right?
- This is amazing.
Oh. my God.
- It's good.
- It's so good.
- It's like orgasm. Like...
I literally love pasta to that level.
So. um...
Oh!
- What?
Wait. what was
your initial reaction to me?
Um. you seem guarded. to be honest.
- Yeah.
- I kind of felt
you were kind of sensing
or kind of trying to understand me
before you kind of showed
your-your true self.
I just was trying to. like. process.
- Yeah?
- I was thinking. I was processing.
- Getting all that information?
- Yeah. Am I as guarded today?
- No. no. no. no. You're night and day.
- No?
Night and day?
- You seem a lot more confident.
- Well. you are in my kitchen
in my house...
- E-Exactly.
- ...so I guess I could
let loose a little bit more.
- So you do feel. yeah...
Exac-- exactly.
- Yeah.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I-I like that side of you.
I really like this. and I enjoyed
the time. This is amazing.
Wow. Art class Christian's
gone the extra mile for this date.
Could this be the start
of Dhruva's happily ever after?
Today's such a nice day.
I know. That bike ride was perfect.
Salute.
- Cheers.
Are we gonna do like the Romans do?
Oh. no.
- Thank you.
- I love it.
So. where do you live? Are you in...
I'm in L.A. Like. Santa Monica.
I live in Marina.
Like. probably down the street from you.
- That's...
That's a good-- that's some good news.
- Yeah.
I know. so it's pretty convenient.
- Amazing.
Why haven't we bumped into each other?
- I don't know. Honestly.
- It takes us to get to-to Rome
for us to-to cross paths?
- I know.
I'm kind of excited because I left L.A.
to kind of. like...
just get out of the pressure of dating...
- Yeah.
...and just go somewhere
and explore. and behold.
I meet you. and you live. like. really.
down the street.
- Right next door. Yeah.
What are the things
that you get into for fun?
I will go to dinners.
I like to go on hikes.
- I-I backpack. Like...
- No way.
But I typically do more the. like.
"everything I need to survive
on my back" camping version.
so... to survive.
Honestly. I've never been camping.
- Is that right?
- I-I feel like I would be. like.
the glamping type of girl.
- Uh-- fair. A million percent.
- But I'm always willing
to try it.
- I'm-I'm the first to be a glamping girl.
- Yeah?
- I mean. so that's no big deal at all.
- I definitely want to travel more.
- Absolutely.
I want to do some things
before I want to settle down.
- Yeah. of course.
You know.
do you see kids in your future?
- A million percent. yeah.
- Yeah?
- I think I'd be
a really great dad. but...
- Yeah?
- Both of your parents live together?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. yeah. They're still together.
and. uh. they're both-- all in Atlanta.
and the extended family.
I was kind of was raised
in a big. like. Italian family.
- Yeah.
My dad and my parents were
such great models and parents to me
that. you know. they've instilled
that kind of desire to follow
in their footsteps and-and kind of
build that family of my own.
It's funny.
'cause everything you're saying
is so similar to how I am.
- Yeah?
Even when we were drawing
our ridiculous drawings.
I really didn't want to leave.
Did you want to leave?
- No.
But you make me nervous a little bit.
- Do other girls make you this nervous?
- Mm-mm.
- Why?
- That smile. those eyes. I don't know.
I feel like I don't want this date to end.
I-I know. I don't want it to. either.
♪ I put my feet on the floor ♪
♪ And everything is looking
upside down. yeah ♪
♪ Tried to make it to the door ♪
♪ But I'm looking up at the ground ♪
♪ Can't get out of my head ♪
♪ Might just go back to bed ♪
♪ But I'm already dressed. mm ♪
♪ Gonna go outside ♪
♪ Fill my lungs with some smoke
and breath ♪
♪ I think it might be a good day ♪
♪ I think the sun's gonna shine ♪
♪ I think it might be a good day... ♪
Things are certainly
looking promising for Dhruva.
But with only
a few days left of this journey.
one thing I've learned from rom-coms
is that anything and everything
can and will probably happen.
♪ I'm in love ♪
♪ I'm in love with it all ♪
♪ I'm in love. I'm in love with it ♪
♪ All day all night. ♪
- Look at this view.
- These views...
- Unreal.
- I can't.
Waterfalls?
This is a real-life fairy tale.
- Chips!
Oh. my goodness.
Scripts. Scripts.
- Scripts.
- Stop. Not again.
- Oh. my gosh.
Here.
"Exterior.
"Sibilla restaurant. afternoon.
"With their time in Rome limited
and big decisions to come.
"Christa Belle.
Dhruva and Lauren must choose
"which suitors have the potential
to become something more
in order to find love."
Stop.
You first. Dhruva.
Honestly. I've had amazing dates.
and I came into this
letting go of pressure and just going
with the flow. and I've done that.
I did. like. all the three of the guys.
but I feel like Christian
pulled my heart.
I was a little bit giddy
because it just felt so natural.
And my goofiness.
he kind of played with that.
Do you feel like Christian
breaks your old patterns?
- Would be breaking the pattern?
I think when I was. you know.
dating previously.
maybe I didn't think about
the future as much
because I don't think I was ready.
I've never brought a guy home
to my parents.
and I told myself I never would
unless if I saw a future or a fit.
And I think I never saw that
in my exes 'cause I was having fun.
and Nicola kind of reminds me of that.
And so. I think that's why I'm. like.
trying to break that pattern.
You know. I want to find that guy
I can have my forever with
and introduce my family to.
so I think I can definitely see myself
introducing Christian.
Wow.
What about you?
I think Lorenzo is the first choice.
Obviously. super attractive.
and so much fun.
And Brandon was such a surprise.
Like. out of nowhere. I was just. like.
drinking in this fountain
and this gorgeous man shows up.
So I'm looking forward
to spending more time with him. too.
- I love that.
- What about you. Lauren?
I think...
Alessandro. he is just so smooth.
but it really is just a fling.
I think. for me. it's gonna be Ethos.
The fact that him and I
were just able to. like. sit and talk
and. like. really get to know each other.
He travels. and he speaks
so many different languages. he can cook.
But there's also a hesitation in me
because there's a lot of fear
that goes into sharing with people.
And so. I'm scared
to navigate the next steps.
Opening your heart is never an easy thing.
even with the help of a clever narrator.
Ahem.
With love. sometimes
it's the most unexpected thing
that can change everything.
Apparently. the average man
thinks about Rome all the time.
They think about the Roman Empire.
- Is that a joke?
No. it's real.
Men are obsessed with the Roman Empire.
- It's the fighting.
I think it's Gladiator.
- Yeah.
How excited are you
that Lorenzo's coming?
I feel like you've been bitten
after him after the museum.
Yeah. I think. like.
my first impression.
I didn't really know what to think.
And then. as time has gone on. I'm. like.
kind of can't stop
thinking about him. you know?
- I'm so happy for you.
- I'm nervous.
He's. like. coming into our world.
you know?
- Yeah.
Really?
- You have to help me. like...
I will. I will third-wheel.
I-I will make him feel comfortable.
I feel like he's so easygoing. too.
- Yeah.
- So I'm here for it.
I'm curious how it's going
with Christian.
Honestly. I can't stop
thinking about him.
Um...
Hello. guys.
Stop!
Hi.
Whoa. even I wasn't expecting Lorenzo
to bring his cocaptain Nicola.
but this is a real rom-com.
so. looks like Dhruva's story
is going off-script.
What a beautiful surprise.
Um...
- Mm. You're beautiful.
Hi.
I didn't know
you were bringing a friend.
You see? I came.
- Hi. how are you?
- How are you. Dhruva?
- Good.
- Well. hello.
- How are you?
- Good job.
- So. how were these days?
- It was good.
Yeah?
Of course I do.
It's really nice.
Christa Belle.
- Yes. my love?
Are you gonna open the limoncello?
Oh. yeah. uh. let's have a taste
of the limoncello.
- Wow.
- Let's have a...
Please don't get. uh.
don't get drunk. huh?
Ooh.
- You like it?
- I already had a tequila shot.
Ah...
You guys have a pool?
Is that okay?
This is the house you're staying?
Yes.
- Beautiful view.
- So. can I have a seat here.
close to you? Do you mind?
Yeah.
- Yeah. no. I don't.
- Okay.
Let me slide. How are you?
- Want to go for a dip?
- Sure.
So much for being a third wheel.
You're in the driver's seat now. Dee.
Honestly. when I first saw you.
I was like. you're so attractive.
obviously you are.
You think so?
- Yeah.
Also. you know. of course.
you are a really beautiful girl.
- Yeah.
- I like the...
that you opened up with me.
about family.
- Mm.
So that always I open myself.
also. to someone.
- Yeah.
Do I make you comfortable? That's why?
Yes. you do. I told you.
I wouldn't be here otherwise.
That's why I like you.
I'm glad I-- you're here. because
I get to see another side of you.
I definitely want you
to share more. like. deeper stuff.
Maybe later.
Maybe we should get a drink.
Do you want to get a drink?
- Okay. Let's get a drink.
Yeah. let's drink.
Look. I know we're in Rome
and the whole carpe diem thing
is all around us.
but don't forget. Dhruva.
that this YOLO moment with Nicola
could have ripple effects for Christian.
I wasn't really expecting
to see you tonight.
♪ Because. girl. I'm turning bad for you ♪
♪ I only wish I'd turned sooner ♪
♪ All that I had to lose ♪
♪ Was already given up to you. ♪
Okay. with only two days left
before the ladies leave Rome.
Dhruva's situation with Christian
has gotten... complicated.
And she needs to sort it out fast.
In the meantime. Christa Belle and Lauren
are whisking her away
from the hustle of the city
for a vineyard birthday surprise.
You're doing a great job.
- You're doing great. In heels. as well.
There's nothing in front of you.
Ready? One. two. three.
- Oh. my God!
- We are at a winery.
So pretty!
Thank you.
- Happy birthday.
Love you. guys. Thank you so much.
We just might have
one more little surprise for you.
Okay...?
- Gentlemen?
- Oh. my God.
It's gentlemen.
Hey. ladies.
- Hi.
- Happy birthday.
Happy B-day.
Oh. my God.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Um. Truva may need some vino
to help calm her nerves
seeing Christian after that steamy kiss
with Nicola.
But with the end of our journey
only a day away.
it's the final chance for our couples
to spend some one-on-one time together
before our leading ladies
write their endings.
So. what I would do is snip it
right from there where it hits the...
- And. uh. from the stem. right?
- Yep. that's great.
- Okay.
- Beautiful.
- Look at that.
- Wow.
So beautiful.
I have a very serious question for you.
- Yes.
How often...
...do you think about the Roman Empire?
Wow. I actually have thought about it
q-quite frequently. recently.
- You do. right?
- Yeah.
Before even coming to Rome. right?
- Before coming to Rome. for sure.
- Yeah.
The Roman Empire. like.
made some cool stuff.
They developed aqueducts. roads.
sanitation.
- Boys really love the Roman empire.
- Yeah.
It's so weird! Aah!
Oh. my gosh. Yep. yep. yep.
Oh. my God.
- Okay. now we're working.
- Gooey.
There's some slippery little suckers.
- Slide in here.
- This is so weird.
Ugh. Okay. we got to make sure
no grape is left out.
- Do a little spin.
- A little spin?
Yeah. a little dance.
Well. it was gonna be...
Love it.
Don't fall.
I got it. I got good balance.
Run.
Do you. uh. do you have a big family?
- I do. I have eight older brothers.
- Oh. no way.
- Um...
- Eight.
But four of the boys are from my mom.
four from my dad. and...
my mom was a single mom
raising five kids.
She had three jobs
and was incredibly independent.
I think that's
kind of where I got it from.
I've always taken care of myself.
There's no. like. family...
money or legacy
or anything to really fall back on.
so I've always been very independent.
Wow. that's wonderful.
How about you?
Um. when I was about six. my dad left.
and then he ended up
passing away a few years later.
so I was raised by my mom.
along with my brother.
And just. you know. seeing her
firsthand go through that.
you know... you know. that journey of
raising two boys on her own.
it really taught me that. like.
women are queens
and men should be there
to protect. to provide.
That's really beautiful.
♪ So let me go ♪
- All right. you come here. you.
- Okay.
Up you go.
- Oh. why. thank you.
- Of course.
Love it.
Hm. Definitely wasn't expecting
to find this connection.
but here we are. What does it look like to
potentially be in
an exclusive relationship?
I told you. I haven't been
in a relationship in seven years.
Eventually. I do want
to settle down to have kids.
I do want to get married.
My entire life.
my parents have kind of asked me
to do things that they wanted me to do.
'Cause my parents are Indian.
so it was this mentality of
always. you date Indian.
After I finished school.
my dad tried to set me up
with an Indian résumé...
- Okay.
...to find. like. Indian boys.
And I just want someone
to create a life at my terms.
- Absolutely.
In your past relationships...
How many relationships have you...
I've only had one long.
committed relationship.
Is she the only one
you've introduced to your family?
Yeah. she was the first and only.
and. uh. that's a big deal for me.
And. so. uh. you know.
took that leap of faith a little bit.
and. uh. you know. it didn't work out.
You know. that was tough.
but I think you have
to step away from that and learn.
I've never introduced a guy
to my parents.
Not one.
- Wow. Yeah.
But whoever I bring into my life.
I've always told my parents
I need them to respect my parents.
and I think that's so important
because family is everything.
A million percent.
Well. for me. like. again.
it's been a long time. too.
But one of the. you know.
core tenets about me and just how I move
and how I am with love is that. you know.
when I'm in. I'm all the way in.
- Yeah. Yeah.
And so for me. you know. that exclusivity.
that locked in. us being. you know.
in a position to take on
whatever comes our way.
is kind of where my heart leads.
- Yeah.
So while being here.
like. I've really been taken by you.
and I haven't wanted
to pursue anyone else.
Monogamy is important to me.
I just want to make sure
we're on the same page.
Getting to know you.
I can see the softness in you.
I can see your gentle heart
and kind of opening up. and it's amazing.
You want to be strong.
but I know there's a lot more to you.
- Yeah.
You don't have to be
strong all the time.
I know it feels that way.
but it's-it's okay to. you know.
to let your guard down.
This is really tough.
My family. they're everything.
Especially my brother.
I-I have a twin brother.
He's disabled.
and I think people don't understand
the responsibility of
what that actually means long term.
- Of course.
- That's not something that...
I don't know. it's like having...
it's like having a child.
- Yes.
- Like. it's a big responsibility.
Right.
A lot of the work that I do today
is 'cause of my brother.
Yeah. and I can see that now.
Yeah. I understand.
I'm happy that you get my seriousness.
I get it. 100%. I get it.
You've done so much
to this point to get here...
- Yeah.
- ...that you have to be able to
enjoy it as well.
I hope there's a time
and place that I'm able to enjoy it.
I feel like I'm always
working and going. going. going.
and I'm really grateful for it.
It's not a complaint.
But it's really isolating.
Really. really isolating. and. um...
I'm... I'm just. I'm ready for
the next chapter
'cause it's really freaking lonely.
- So here's this.
You mentioned having to work
and not having time for yourself...
- Yeah.
- ...and I kind of want to change that.
So. I'm taking a train to Tuscany
in a couple of days. and I would love
for you to come with me
and kind of enjoy life
and just be in the moment.
Kind of forget about. you know.
work and be present and...
What are you thinking?
Ooh. So pretty.
Oh. this is so nice.
- Oh...
- Whoa.
- So pretty.
- Beautiful.
You're the best. Thank you.
He's just trying to pull me closer.
- Yeah.
- Birthday girl.
- Yes.
Wow.
- This is the best day.
The food here is so fresh and so good.
The pasta just. like. hits.
Like. you can taste how fresh it is.
Brandon. Brandon.
Anytime.
-  Let's try a blueberry.
Five. six. seven. eight...
Day nine of our Italian escapade
has been filled with romance.
wine and possibility for our ladies.
Lauren has let her guard down with Ethos.
but will his offer
to continue their journey together
send him packing?
Brandon's charm seems to have
won over Christa Belle.
but is Lorenzo totally out of the picture?
And Dhruva has to decide if she is ready
to be honest with Christian
about her unexpected night with Nicola.
Everyone. I don't mean to pause.
but I'm gonna have to steal Dhruva
for a moment.
so we'll be right back.
Okay.
Bye. guys.
Oh. my God.
This is so sweet.
Being here in Rome.
never thought that we'd cross paths.
but I'm really glad to be here.
and be here with you.
I really appreciate that.
Thank you so much.
Absolutely.
Oh. my God.
Happy birthday.
- One more.
- There it is...
I really appreciate you doing this.
- Of course.
- So sweet.
Obviously. I came to Rome to find love.
and. you know.
I think trust is really important for you.
Um. so I did want to share.
you know. while we've had our journey...
...I've been seeing other men.
But at the end of the day.
I think I realized that.
out of those other men.
I want to be with you.
Um...
Have you kissed anyone since we've met?
Um... yes.
♪ So don't try ♪
♪ To play me like a fool ♪
♪ 'Cause I've been a fool for you. ♪
Christian asked me
if I've been kissing other men.
A-And I said yes.
I don't know if he was angry. pissed.
like. I could not put my finger on it.
I don't know. I don't know how it's...
I don't know.
I mean. but he knew
that would happen. right?
I don't know. I think...
he clearly has his own past
and has been potentially hurt.
so I hope. like. you know.
he can... forgive.
I really like him. and I just don't know
if I just ruined that by telling him or...
You-- no. you didn't ruin that.
- ...if it was good to tell him.
- You needed to tell him.
- Yeah. I did.
I think that made me realize
that Nicola is just fun. you know?
Yeah.
I definitely feel like
I've learned a lot. regardless.
Feel like we all have.
That's all I can ask for.
So glad we had this experience.
- I know.
- I mean.
that's kind of the journey
I'm having right now.
I feel like I came to Rome.
you know. just kind of excited
to have a fun experience.
but I'm realizing I had. like...
kind of. like. a fear...
definitely a fear of dating.
Maybe a fear of men?
Back at home. I was. like. not even...
People would ask me out.
and I'm like. "I am busy that night.
"I've got TV to watch
and. like. popcorn to eat."
You're. like.
dodging the question.
Like. somehow.
- Yeah. like. I would find any reason...
- Yeah.
- ...to just not spend any time dating.
I don't even think I fully realized
I had that fear.
and now I'm. like.
having the time of my life.
The best time.
Like. Lorenzo's fun.
I don't know. last time we were
on this couch drinking wine.
Nicola and Lorenzo showed up.
- Limoncello?
They drank that entire bottle.
And then. Brandon.
he is very quick-witted in a group.
He's very good in. like...
- Yeah.
- ...good in a social situation.
I was very impressed.
- Yes. he's sweet.
- Yeah.
- It's gonna be hard. It's gonna be hard.
Decisions do have to be made.
Yeah.
Lauren. how are you feeling?
You're. like. happy.
Yeah. Ethos asked me
to go to Tuscany with him.
- Stop. What?
- Yeah. After this is over.
- I'm sorry.
- Are you gonna do it?
We'll see. So many things to... at play.
I don't think I've ever dated anyone
that actually. like.
matches my level work ethic.
Like. he says he's a workaholic.
and he loves it. and so am I.
- That's what you said.
- Yeah.
- You need that.
- But...
my hesitation is like.
"Well. what does that actually look like?"
I know you mentioned.
you know. coming into this.
opening up was...
like. part of your journey.
- Yeah.
How do you see that going?
How do you see it playing out?
I think...
I've always kept a guard up.
and I like keeping my guard up.
It's not even just men.
Like. my best friends. my family.
I've never given many individuals
to really...
...to really be able
to use that power against me.
because I know how people can be.
So I just don't allow myself to get
to a place with people-- friends. family--
to see this side of me.
because it's opening up Pandora's box.
The moment
you give somebody your power and...
...they break that trust.
it is really freaking hard to go back.
So. I just... I just don't do it.
But I don't want
to always have to feel like
I'm carrying the world on my shoulders
and feeling like...
I have to do it by myself.
Like. at some point. the journey is. like.
I do want a partner
to show me that level of trust.
And I don't want to be separated
from people for my entire life.
With Ethos.
it seems like it can get there.
I would like to give him that chance.
I love you guys.
- Love you. too.
- I love you. too.
♪ We are on the run ♪
♪ From the setting sun ♪
♪ But when I'm looking backwards ♪
♪ There's nowhere to turn ♪
♪ Horizon. save me ♪
♪ Wave me ♪
♪ To this daylight dream ♪
♪ Horizon... ♪
It's our ladies' final day in Rome.
but exactly how their stories will end
is entirely up to them.
♪ Fading ♪
♪ Into mystery ♪
♪ There's no history ♪
♪ Where we're flying to ♪
♪ The future ♪
♪ Is the past reversed ♪
♪ Nothing to rehearse ♪
♪ What a lovely view... ♪
Rome taught Christa Belle
how to open her heart again.
But is it Brandon or Lorenzo
who has swept her off her feet?
- Ciao.
How you doing?
- Here I am.
- Here you are.
When I first got here.
I had pretty much sworn off men.
I've just had a lot of. you know.
less-than-positive experiences
when dating. you know.
I've been kind of closed off
to the idea of.
you know. really connecting
with someone
for a while. but. um.
you know. you really...
you really changed my mind.
Which is good.
Are you willing to explore more with me?
- Yeah.
- You are?
You opened my mind.
- I opened your mind?
This journey been amazing. actually.
It's really funny. because
when I met you. I was like. "Oh. great."
- Mm. Yeah.
- "Another. like..."
- Another what?
Another what? Sorry. Another...?
- Another guy pouring prosecco...
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- ...in girls' mouths on a boat.
- Yeah.
Oh. oh. oh. yeah. Yeah. I give you that.
- Very professional.
- Yeah. I know. Very professional.
People think about me.
like. as a fun person.
And it's been a long that I haven't
been romantic with a girl.
And then you...
You make that part of me. like. come out.
♪ Cause it's perfect ♪
♪ Life's perfect today ♪
♪ Oh. oh-oh. oh. oh... ♪
Look what I got. It's a compass.
♪ The sweeter flowers blossom... ♪
Sorry.
This is so nice.
This will help you find me.
♪ And it's perfect ♪
♪ Life's perfect today ♪
♪ Oh-oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh... ♪
Lauren may have struggled
to let down her walls.
but is she finally ready
to put work on pause
and escape to Tuscany with Ethos?
- Hello.
- How's it going. beautiful?
All right.
- You look amazing.
- Thank you.
- Breathtaking.
Yeah.
You know.
something that I think I've realized...
on this trip is that...
life really doesn't mean anything
if you don't have people next to you
on the journey with you.
And it's easy for me to put work
before anything else.
but...
I cannot express enough
how terrified I am in this moment.
I appreciate you opening up.
knowing that you're guarded.
knowing that you have this wall up.
And for me. that's amazing.
- But it's scary.
- I know.
- It's really scary.
'Cause this means more than just...
going to Tuscany.
I want you to come with me.
And I-I just know
that I-I want to be with you.
and that's something
that I have very clear.
It would mean the world if you said "yes."
- Yes.
- Yes?
Yes. Yes.
♪ Touch my heart. touch my heart... ♪
You need to get that?
- Nope.
- Are you sure?
- Mm-hmm.
- Good.
♪ Touch my heart. ♪
And now. only
Dhruva's ending remains to be revealed.
♪ What is this I feel? ♪
♪ Foreign and new ♪
♪ Well. it's becoming clear ♪
♪ All I want is you ♪
♪ Now every night when I go to sleep ♪
♪ You're in all ♪
♪ All my dreams ♪
♪ I close my eyes ♪
♪ You're all I see ♪
♪ And you're all I want ♪
♪ All I want... ♪
Exterior. Spanish Steps. Day.
Dhruva waits anxiously for Christian.
wondering if she'll have the chance
to tell him how she feels.
♪ And you're all I want ♪
♪ All I want. ♪
♪ It's all or nothing.
it's all or nothing ♪
♪ And I know there's no other way ♪
♪ No holding back. no holding back. ♪
- Hello.
- Hi.
How do you feel
about our conversation from the winery?
It was a... it was a lot.
But...
forget whatever's in the past.
I don't...
I don't care about that. I just...
I want to see where this can go.
I love that.
I was scared coming here.
I didn't know how Rome was going to be.
And I didn't think I was going
to meet someone I liked so much.
Obviously.
turning 35 is such a big deal for me.
And I've had extreme pressure from my mom.
Knowing that she feels like
I'm not going to find anybody.
you know. it's been really tough.
but obviously.
I found someone I really like.
and I never expected that.
Through being here.
it's almost been surreal.
I mean. I haven't been
in a relationship in a long time. and
have been somewhat of a pessimist
that I would ever find that again.
So the fact that on somewhat of a whim
and being out here
hopelessly looking for love
that I found it is unbelievable.
I'm happy to hear you say that because
I've never introduced somebody
to my parents before.
When we're ready.
would you come meet my family in Boston?
I would love that.
♪ Loving you changed me ♪
♪ Loving you saved me ♪
♪ Loving you made me ♪
♪ Free. free. free ♪
♪ Loving you changed me ♪
♪ Loving you saved me... ♪
Let this be a reminder.
The only one who can truly
write your love story is you.
And maybe if you're lucky.
you'll get a little help from me.
So. how often
do you girls think about the Roman Empire?
- Hmm. Every day.
- Oh.
Every day. Every hour on the hour.
♪ Loving you changed me ♪
♪ You changed me ♪
♪ Loving you saved me ♪
♪ You saved me ♪
♪ Loving you made me ♪
♪ You made me ♪
♪ Free. free. free ♪
♪ Loving you changed me ♪
♪ You changed me ♪
♪ Loving you saved me ♪
♪ You saved me ♪
♪ Loving you gave me ♪
♪ You gave me ♪
♪ Liberty ♪
♪ I hope you live a life
that's rich and full ♪
♪ And that you shine
wherever you may go ♪
♪ Don't ever doubt that you're a miracle ♪
♪ Because you're loved
more than you can know ♪
♪ Loving you changed me ♪
♪ You changed me ♪
♪ Loving you saved me ♪
♪ You saved me ♪
♪ Loving you made me ♪
♪ You made me ♪
♪ Free. free. free ♪
♪ Loving you changed me ♪
♪ You changed me ♪
♪ Loving you saved me ♪
♪ You saved me ♪
♪ Loving you gave me ♪
♪ You gave me ♪
♪ Loving you saved me ♪
♪ You saved me ♪
♪ Loving you made me ♪
♪ You made me ♪
♪ Free. free. free ♪
♪ Loving you changed me ♪
♪ You changed me ♪
♪ Loving you saved me ♪
♪ You saved me ♪
♪ Loving you gave me ♪
♪ You gave me ♪
♪ Liberty. ♪